docs: update of landing page and supporting pages (#47047)
angular/angular: aio/content/marketing/scaling.md

# Scaling Angular applications

Angular works with applications of any size and Angular tools support applications as they grow.

## How Angular helps you scale your application

These are some of Angular's features that support scaling your Angular application.

### TypeScript support

> Angular applications are written in [TypeScript][typescript-home]. TypeScript adds syntax to JavaScript to provide strong type checking. Your integrated development environment (IDE) can apply strong type checking to [help catch syntax errors earlier][type-checking-doc] and refactoring later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular applications are written in [TypeScript][typescript-home]. TypeScript adds syntax to JavaScript to provide strong type checking. Your integrated development environment (IDE) can apply static type checking to [help catch errors earlier][type-checking-doc] and refactoring later.
```

TypeScript's strong type checking gives your application a solid foundation on which to grow with confidence.

### Powerful command-line commands

> Angular provides [`ng` commands][ng-command-list] to perform common Angular application development tasks from the command line. Angular's `ng` commands implement the Angular style guide to support consistency across components. The [`ng generate`][ng-generate] command and [Angular schematics][schematic-overview] keep your application's source code consistent and organized.

Reviewer: Provides a command-line interface

Reviewer: Angular's `ng` -> Angular CLI

> Angular provides [`ng` commands][ng-command-list] to perform common Angular application development tasks from the command line. Angular's `ng` commands implement the Angular style guide to support consistency across components. The [`ng generate`][ng-generate] command and [Angular schematics][schematic-overview] keep your application's source code consistent and organized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular provides [a command-line interface][ng-command-list] via the Angular CLI to perform common Angular application development tasks from the command line. Angular CLI implements the Angular style guide to support consistency across teams and applications. The [`ng generate`][ng-generate] command and [Angular schematics][schematic-overview] keep your application's source code consistent and organized, while generating boilerplate code and scaffold your application.
```

Angular's `ng` commands provide the consistency that lets you grow your application with confidence.

### Component libraries

> Many component libraries are available for Angular applications to use. [Material component library][material-home] is one library that thousands of Google applications use with confidence.

Reviewer: The Angular team maintains component development kit and material design components which is used across thousands of applications inside of Google which provides guarantees for stability across releases and integration.

The Angular community maintains dozens of others component libraries which allows you to fit your brand.

> Component libraries are used by thousands of Angular applications to develop quickly and confidently.

Reviewer: Maybe drop this one?

### Built-in support for forms and routing

> Angular provides support for [forms][forms-overview] and [routes][routes-overview]. These features prove themselves daily in thousands of Angular applications that are used by millions of people.

Reviewer: I suggest updating this based on my suggestion above.
